README.md, before:

# venus-co

[![Github Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fvcproductions/venus-co.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/issues) [![GitHub  Pull-Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/fvcproductions/venus-co.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/pulls) [![MIT License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org) [![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://paypal.me/fvcproductions)

Assets for Venus Co. | Startup Studio | Spring 2017 💕

![MORA-Logo](app/assets/images/logos/mora/type.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Donations](#donations)

## Installation

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start
# Go into the repository
cd electron-quick-start
# Install dependencies & run the app
npm i && npm start
# Electron packager
npm i electron-packager --save-dev
npm i --save-dev electron
# Build Mac Packager
electron-packager . --overwrite --platform=darwin --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/mac/icon.icns --prune=true --out=release-builds
```

> Having trouble opening the DMG (allow apps to be downloaded from anywhere)?

```bash
sudo sptcl --master-disable
```

- Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/).

## Usage

Project for Startup Studio 2017.

![MORA-v1](app/assets/images/sprint-1/sprint-1-1.png)

![Mora-v2](app/assets/images/sprint-2/sprint-2-1.png)

Photos taken from [AdoptUSKids](http://www.adoptuskids.org/).

## Contributing

> To get started...

- 🍴 Fork this repo [here](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co#fork-destination-box)
- 🔨 Hack away
- 👥 Add yourself as a contributor under credits
- 🔧 Make a pull request [here](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/compare)
- 🎉 Get your pull request approved - success!

Or just [create an issue](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/issues) - any little bit of help counts! 😊

## Credits

- [FVCproductions](http://fvcproductions.com) 🍓🍫

Commit message:

2.0 release 💖
Signed-off-by: FVCproductions <hello@fvcproductions.com>

README.md, after:

# venus-co

[![Github Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fvcproductions/venus-co.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/issues) [![GitHub  Pull-Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/fvcproductions/venus-co.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/pulls) [![MIT License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org) [![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://paypal.me/fvcproductions)

Assets for Venus Co. | Startup Studio | Spring 2017 💕

![Logo](resources/images/logos/mora/type.png)

## Installation

To run this app locally you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer.

From your command line, perform the following commands.

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co.git
# Go into the repository
cd venus-co
# Install dependencies & run the app
npm i && npm start
# Electron packager
npm i electron-packager --save-dev
npm i --save-dev electron
# Build Mac Packager
electron-packager . --overwrite --platform=darwin --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/mac/icon.icns --prune=true --out=release-builds
# Create DMG
cd app/release-builds/Mora-darwin-x64
create-dmg 'Mora.app'
```

> Having trouble opening the DMG (allow apps to be downloaded from anywhere)?

```bash
sudo sptcl --master-disable
```

- Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/).

## Usage

Project for Startup Studio 2017.

Photos taken from [AdoptUSKids](http://www.adoptuskids.org/).

## Screenshots

### Sprint 1

![Mora-v1](resources/images/sprint-1/sprint-1-1.png)

### Sprint 2

![Mora-v2](resources/images/sprint-2/sprint-2-1.png)

## Contributing

> To get started...

- 🍴 Fork this repo [here](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co#fork-destination-box)
- 🔨 Hack away
- 👥 Add yourself as a contributor under credits
- 🔧 Make a pull request [here](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/compare)
- 🎉 Get your pull request approved - success!

Or just [create an issue](https://github.com/fvcproductions/venus-co/issues) - any little bit of help counts! 😊

## Credits

- [FVCproductions](http://fvcproductions.com) 🍓🍫
